The monkey did the tapestry to the crab.
The crab fed it the rice.
Hurry up and take out the seed, or else you'll break it with scissors.
You took out the seed.
Hurry up and get to the tree, or you'll break it with scissors.
You took out the tree.
Hurry up and get to the fruit, or you'll break it with scissors.
You took out the fruit.
The monkey found it and took it away.
The bees found the bees and took them away.
They threw the blue ones to the crows.
The crows died.
The crows were crying.
The bees came and heard the crows crying.
The bees were angry.
The crows were angry.
The geese were angry.
They decided to take revenge.
The crows flew to the crows.
The monkeys burned.
The monkeys went to get water.
The bees made a sound.
They made a sound.
The monkeys ran away.
The geese fell and pressed them against the monkeys.
The geese cut off the monkeys' necks.
The old man and the old woman were there.
The old man was looking for food.
The woman went to the river to wash.
When the old woman was washing,
a big peach flowed.
The old woman was washing.
The old woman went to the river to wash.
The rain started to pour.
The old lady picked up the peaches and went home.
The old lady tried to cut the peaches.
But the peaches were broken in two.
A big boy was born from the inside.
The old man named the boy Momotaro.
Momotaro grew bigger and stronger.
Momotaro, Momotaro,
where are you going to go?
I'm going to the demon's castle.
What is it?
I'm going to the Japanese's best kiwi-dango.
I'll go with you.
I'll do it.
The monkey came to the dog.
The monkey got the dango and became a dog.
The fox came.
The fox got the dango and became a dog.
The demon went to the demon's castle.
The demon closed the door and protected the castle.
The demon broke the door and attacked the castle.
The fox and the fox were caught.
The dog was bitten.
Momotaro took out his sword and went to the biggest demon.
The demon gave up and gave out his precious treasure.
The treasure in the car
The dog pulls out the sword.
The monkey pulls out the sword.
The fox pulls out the sword.